Who do you think you are? If you don’t take action on all items,
How can your family guarantee that,
Miss, shut up,
Apologize to Zhan Xian Sheng Guixi,
Miss Ba, is she from China?
The most powerful preamplifier should be,
I heard that no one dares to work hard, what the lady said,
Otherwise, the move will be a chess piece,
You talk with too many hands, causing fire in your house.
Miss Ren, please remember to apologize to me.
Your belt is quite big, otherwise I will do what I say,
Do you know what will happen?
Zhan Xiansheng, now,
She's completely free to please you, just do what you just said,
Give you, give you, give you, give you, give you
But as long as I get out of the valley
I'll leave Sang first
Then don’t you recognize Meishan?
Just say something
Grandpa Zhan, I was wrong
And all the dragons can't hear that I'm wrong now
Are you willing to agree to my invitation? It's impossible to fight first.
You dare to change your mind to miss, stop talking to Tianchen
I will wait until the day you promise me
Although miss
May I ask why you want to help the Lin family?
I help the Lin family
Just to fight against Tianchen, to fight against Tianchen
What is your relationship with him?
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little